Prepare submitting app (#43)
mesg-foundation/aragon: app/public/meta/details.md

> Liteflow application allows you to connect any events from your Aragon DAO to emit event and notification with each service.
> 
> **Features**
> - Create connection.
> - Delete connection.
> 
> 
> **The application has 5 services defined**
> - _**Send an email**_ when emit event from installed apps on Aragon DAO will send an email
> - _**Send message on slack**_ when emit event from installed apps on Aragon DAO will send notification message to slack  
> - _**Send message on telegram**_ when emit event from installed apps on Aragon DAO will send notification message to telegram
> - _**Send message on SMS**_ when emit event from installed apps on Aragon DAO will send notification to SMS
> - _**Post to URL**_ when emit event from installed apps on Aragon DAO will post data to URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application allows you to connect any events from your organisation to external services to be notified in real-time.

**The current list of services is:**
- **Send an email**
- **Send a message on Slack**
- **Send a message on Telegram**
- **Send an SMS**
- **Post to URL**

If you have any issue or suggestion, send us an email at contact@mesg.com.
```
